== BringUp

BringUp is our first major client-driven project, produced as our final project for MakerSquare.
Partner: Patricia Silva
Clients: Will Mederski and Kevin McCann ("The BringUp Guys")

== What's BringUp?

BringUp is a text messaging service for parents and teachers that delivers just-in-time updates to parents about what their children learned in class that day. The guiding principle behind BringUp is that education doesn't stop when students leave the classroom, and a little bit of informed converstation at home can help to reinforce and stimulate interest in topics covered at school. BringUp empowers parents to ask deeper questions, students to share their experiences with their families and teachers to have an open means of communication with their students' caregivers.

== How it works

Teachers create an account, add course groups and input daily lesson plan updates in the form of 120 character text messages. 

BringUp generates a custom PDF flier for teachers to pass out to parents with a signup number and course code. 

Parents call in to the number and subscribe to the service using their course code.

BringUp sends out the daily messages to subscribed parents between 4 and 6pm, just as parents are picking up their kids and beginning their nightly family routines. 

== The live app

This project is still an active work in progress. Checkout the current state of the application here:
http://bringup-dev.herokuapp.com/

== Technology used
The design concept for BringUp is heavily JavaScript and JQuery based. With a little guidance from our friend Matt Buck, we were able to implement Backbone.js for the main interactive user interface.


We are using the Twilio API for the SMS service and a gem called Prawn to generate the custom PDFs.
